Pricing Plan pattern topic update (#435)
IgniteUI/indigo-design-docfx: en/patterns/pricing-plan.md

# Pricing Table

> Use the Pricing Plan Symbol as presets to display different pricing plans for a product or a subscription. Each Pricing Plan includes plan name, subtitle, price, list of features included or not included and call-to-action button. The Pricing Plan Symbol has two variations - featured and not featured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Pricing Table Pattern to display an offering for a product or a subscription. It comes in Featured and Not Featured presets including header, price, list of features included or not included and call-to-action button.
```

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/pricing_plan.png" srcset="../images/pricing_plan@2x.png 2x" />

> [!WARNING]

> > After inserting any of the Pricing Tables available as a Pattern, you should trigger `Detach from Symbol` to break it down to the Components that are used to create the layout in order to be able to generate it as Angular code. The individual Pricing Table Elements, as well as the background and data binding layers must stay intact and not be detached!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> After inserting any of the Pricing Tables available as a Pattern, you should trigger `Detach from Symbol` to break it down to the Components that are used to create the layout in order to be able to generate it as Angular code. The individual Pricing Table Elements together with the background must stay intact and not be detached!
```

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/pricing_plan_detach.png" srcset="../images/pricing_plan_detach@2x.png 2x" />

## Additional Resources

Related topics:

> - [Avatar](../components/avatar.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Button](../components/button.md)
- [List](../components/list.md)
```
